Copyright <YEAR> <COPYRIGHT HOLDER>
Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software") to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, subject to the following conditions:

1. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
notice, this list of conditions, and the following disclaimer in the
documentation and other materials provided with the distribution.

2. Neither the copyright holder nor the names of this Software's
contributors or their affiliates or representatives may be used to
endorse or promote products derived from this Software without
specific prior written permission. If permission is granted, it must
be supported by a digital signature.

3. This Software is provided "AS IS" and was designed for educational
and legal purposes only. In the event of the Software being misused,
abused, or damaging any party, the copyright holder and the
contributors of this Software bear no liability out of the dealings of
this Software. 

4. By obtaining a copy of or using this Software, the Licensee is
indemnifying the Copyright holder and its affiliates from any claims
arising out of or in connection to the use of the Licensees dealing in
the Software. This Indemnity shall be absolute for any dealings in the
Software by the Licensee to the maximum extent permitted by law.

5. The Software may not be used by any government agency, including
but not limited to law enforcement or intelligence agencies, for any
purpose. The FBI, NSA, CIA, DOD, and the acting president of the
United States of America are NOT permitted to use the Software for any
government activities unknown to the public.

6. The Software may not be used by any individual convicted of a
federal felony or currently under investigation for a federal felony.

7. No party may bring a claim or action against the copyright holder
or its affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents for any
reason related to the Software or its use. The Licensee waives any
right to bring a claim or action against the copyright holder or its
affiliates, directors, officers, employees, or agents by obtaining a
copy of or using the Software.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS
"AS IS" AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR
A PARTICULAR PURPOSE, ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT
HOLDER OR CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL,
SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT
LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE,
DATA, PRIVACY, COMPLIENCE, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS INTERRUPTION)
HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN CONTRACT,
STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) ARISING
IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
